Special Abilities
---------------------------------
Each top will have a special abilities that use up energy and do something unique. 
Tops are assigned a special ability based on their color patterns (and maybe symbols);
i.e. differently colored tops will have different special abilities.
A special ability will be composed of one or more effects each of whih is described bellow.
When multiple layers are used the special ability is determined by the top-down composition
of those layers, since they can rotate by 90 deg on the fly the ability of the top changes 
and up to 4 different abilities may be present.


MAGNET - attract other tops towards self

REPULSE - push away near tops.

SWAP - swap self with another top, physically switching positions

LEAP - the top "teleports" to a nearby location

PHANTOM - the top can "teleport" back in time as if nothing happened (restoring RPM, 
speed and its previous position, but not energy)

MIRRAGE/ILLUSION - create multiple copies of self, to confuse the other players
(only one is real)

DIRECT DAMAGE - causes nearby tops to lose RPM

HURRICANE - causes nearby tops to rotate around your top (in it direction of rotation)

TORGUE - the top increases its RPM by some amount over time

DASH - the top increases its movement speed by some amount

STUN - nearby tops become uncontrollable for some amount of time

STONE/IRON - the top becomes more resistent to push-back


The way effects are combined is not really defined, but when there are multiple effects there
might be some combos, the idea is to keep the effects simple so the more complex behaiour
can be generated also abilities will be simple words so that the name of the ability can
be generated by combining them (e.g. STONE PHANTOM, SPIN BASH, etc). Also I have not though 
of the way to generate effects yet, but it has to be some obscure function that doeasn't 
leave an obvious simple patter and may sometimes follow a pattern and other times not small 
changes shouldn't affect it too much and so that there can be theories that don't always work,
it should also not be too easy to say what rules govern this 'magic'.
Making your own top with multiple layers will be more involved and you get a
unique result every time you try... it becomes trial and error and exploration excercise 
rather than an exact science :)
This means that tops will not be perfectly balanced, but that is ok... there will be loads of
them so just keep changing them until you find one that you like.
It might be good if all tops have a Dash ability, makes the game more dynamic. 
Features will be in radial coordinates so that the rotation of the top does not change its
ability.


Additional Stats
---------------------------------
Colors may also slightly affect the physical stats of a top, it will not be a great amount
but it will make some difference. This will probably be based mostly on chance.


Special Effects
---------------------------------
Based mostly on chance based on colors tops will gain unique appearance that does not
contribute to the game mechanics, but look cool :)
Here is a list of some special effects

GLOW
	Glow (epecially in the dark) makes the top emmit a small amount of light
	it's color and shape will be based on one or more of the colors of the top.
	
COLORED SPARKS
	Most tops will have the same sparks but some may have different spark colors.
	The color will probably be affectd by the outer ring and be probability by the
	inner part of the top.
	
SPARKLING
	Randomly selected pixels on the top will be animated to sparkle (turn bright).
	
IRIDESCENCE
	The hue of the colors of the top change in relation to the camera. This may
	actually have an impact on the gameplay as it may confuse the opponents about the
	layer switch mode of the top... meh...
	
One or more of these effects may appear in a combination. These will trully be rare
to occur especially multiple of them in combination, which will make up the rarity factor.