Dyzks are stored on the server, players can have a specific number of original uploaded dyzks
(maybe around 30) the dyzk authentication is done on the server, but at the time of the upload
statistics are then stored and reused, during a multiplayer game a bad copy of the image is sent
to each client (filtered and artificially nurfed so that it cannot be "stolen").

When a new top is uploaded it can be sold if the creator offered to and agrees to do so. Only creators
keep the original image (as well as teh server). If someone buys a dyzk they only get a nerfd copy
but never the original.

This stategy allows for in-game purchases where the creators can gain a percent (and have an initiative) and the 
server owners can also benefit. This in turn allows players to enjoy a free game,
even get rewarded for playing, on the other hand dyzks are now a rarity and the developers will get paid from in-game purchases


When a player buys a dyzk they obtain a bad copy of the image with a "statistical overwrite" file which shows the
actual statistics of the dyzk.


Note: "bad" in "bad copy" does not mean lower quality image, it means image that has been altered so that
it produces lower statistics, this can be done trough applying multiple image filters to the original image
so that the result looks similar to the original, but it yelds different in-game characteristics.
It is also hard to revert back to the original.


WARNING: This scheme relies on imbalance and will hurt the gameplay since the payers are 
more likely to gain the upper hand (even though it comes with its disadvantages).


Upgrading to a deplenishing end... 
The majority of the dyzks will have average stats, simple modifications may lead to a few points
boost. The more points are required the more random combinations will have to be tried out.
(If it is possible for a bot to nurf it will be possible for a bot to create something good too)

focus on diversity rather than stats 
This means that skills will be more important than sheer stats and the war will be for getting the
desired skills in place rather than the max points.
I.e. there is no "best", there is just "different" what's more there is right or wrong, just 
suitable and not suitable.
To accomplish this the game will need to include a large database of skills having 4 of them allows for 
a very large number of combinations. 
For instance a pool of 20 skills has 4845 different combinations 
(if the order does not matter and skills do not repeat, otherwise it could be slightly more)

Combinations without repetitions -> n!/(r!*(n-r)!)