Tops are circular discs (that fit in a 256x256 px square).
The only thing that a user needs to do to add a new top to the game is to
add an image to the tops folder and it will automatically be loaded and its
properties and parameters will be calculated programatically. Here is a list
of parameters each top has:

WEIGHT
	The weight affects the movability and the movement speed of
	the top. The heavier a top is the harder it will be for forces
	to move it. This includes players' control and push-backs by
	other tops.
	
JAGGEDNESS
	The more jagged the top is at its edges the more of its angular
	velocity will be turned into a push-back force on collision.
	It is a value equal or greather than 0, where 0 means perfectly 
	round and a high number means very jagged disk (no two neightouring 
	points have the same radius). Also jaggedness factor intesifies with
	radius - the further a point is from the maximal radius the less
	effect it has. E.g. formula for jaggedness factor of a single pixel:
			log2( MaxRad - CurRad +1 )

RADIUS
	Smaller tops spin faster and as such will have higher initial RPM,
	but because all pixels have equal mass the top will also have less mass.
	Radius also affects balance... a larger top will be easier to balance.
	
BALANCE
	An off-balance top will start to lose its angular momentum faster
	hence it will be losing RPM more rapidly. With high RPM there will 
	be little side effect when it loses enough RPM it starts moving on
	a tangent and becomes harder to control, but also higher push-back,
	especially if its mass and radius are high.
	Though balance is generally a good thing to have.
	
RPM
	The initial RPM (revolutions per minute) are a function of the kinetic 
	energy applied to spin the top its radius and its mass. Bigger heavier
	tops have less initial RPM. Tops will lose gradually lose RPM until they
	stop rotating, unbalanced tops will lose RPM faster.
	Collisions will cause tops to lose RPM and turn it into a push-back force
	
SPIN
	Spin is the direction of the rotation of a top, it maybe either 
	clockwise or anti-clockwise. If two tops with the same spin collide the
	push-back force will be in a direction opposite to the collision normal
	If thy have different spins then the resulting force will be perpendicular
	to that nomal and in the direction of the spin (think of the gear effect)

PUSH-BACK
	Push back occurs when a top collides with an object, it is a force
	in a direction explained above (in spin). It turns a percentage of the 
	angular kinetic energy (RPM) into linear kinetic energy; It causes motion
	and special graphics and sound effects. Heavier objects respond less to
	push-back (and any force for that matter). The collision between perfecly 
	round disks will cause less friction which means less push-back, the more 
	jagged the top is the more force it will generate. Tops will try to preserve
	their innertia, faster moving tops will affect the collision resolutions more.


Special amendments:

To make thing more fun and to give some objectives to the game I am inventing some of the
physics, it is not guaranteed that all of the stated above will be true (though it would
be nice if it really were :D). But what follows are entirelly unresearched inventions that
are more likely to be fiction than facts.

PUSH-BACK
	When a top collides with another top and its linear motion direction
	is in the direction of the collision point it will preserve more of its
	energy, so receive less velocity in the opposite direction and will lose
	less RPM. In contrast a top hit from a side (collision direction 
	perpendicular to its velocity vector) will move more and will lose more 
	RPM. A top hit from the back will lose the most RPM, however it will again
	have less velocity change (this is because with each push it becomes easier
	and easier to push it again wich isn't fair - first to push wins). In short
	players try to hit other players' tops from the side and the back with 
	their front, while avoiding side and back collisions themselves.

ENERGY
	Used for "magic". Tops will have special abilities and will be able
	to "do" stuff that defy physics, some actions will be require an amount
	of this special enenrgy and can only be performed when there is enought
	of it to spend (think of it like mana).

LAYERS
	A top may be composed of one or more layers (up to 3). Each layer
	contributes to the over weigth and balance of the top, the top layer 
	can be rotated by 90 deg while the top battles, this can be used to change
	its balance mode and special abilities.



APPENDIX:

Resources	
	
http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/rke.html
http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/tdisc.html

Ke = 1/2 I w^2
w^2 = 2Ke/I
w = sqrt( 2Ke/I )
I = 1/2 M R^2

=>

w = sqrt( 4 Ke/(MR^2)

Conclusion: angular velocity depends on mass and radius, the highr the mass is and the bigger
the radius, the more kinetic energy is required to compensate, the kinetic energy will be 
defined at the begining.


http://hyperphysics.phy-astr.gsu.edu/hbase/top.html
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Balancing_of_rotating_masses

Precession and imbalance cause a top to lose inertia and create
vibrations.